Saturday night has arrived and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
In 1760 a young farmer came here, he studied law, dance with his sweetheart into the night
and ultimately changed his life and each of ours forever.
His name was Thomas Jefferson, the place Williamsburg, Virginia.
The only colonial capital fully restored to remind us what life was like when we were
changing into a place called America.
Come to Colonial Williamsburg for your free vacation planner called 1-800-HISTORY.
A pair, one player, two players, 4-4, Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
They're super small, super excellent, super tough and super cool micro-machines.
So many so cool the wheels are small for a while, so micro-machines.
And where do micro-machines go for fun? Highways and biowaves.
Micro-machines work hard at dump and dirt and work in the crane at Ace Construction.
They're cruising through the highways and biowaves toll plaza, kick back at the off-road campsite.
Highways and biowaves, cool places for micro-machines.
Micro-machines, vehicle packs and highways and biowaves play sets each sold separately.
You put them together.
Nick takes over your school is brought to you by Post Brody and Coco Pebble Cereals
and Cheetos Paws, the cheese flavored snack.
Hi, Clarissa here and let me explain.
This is Christine.
Christine is this year's winner of the Nick Takes Over Your School Sweepstakes.
And today, Nickelodeon is going to take over her school.
Yeah!
But first, we have to make sure she's home.
Good idea.
Hi, is Christine home?
Christine, you have visitors.
Hey Christine, Nickelodeon is here to take over your school.
Alright!
During SNCC you'll see it all.
We'll party down with Chris Cross and we'll do a lot of sliming.
Takes over Laura Ingalls Wilder School!
Clarissa, as I explained it all next.
And keep watching SNCC as Nickelodeon takes over.
High School!
I think it was some ancient Greek philosopher who first said that in order to be happy,
you should live your life in strict moderation.
That means not too much of what you do like and not too much of what you don't like,
just straight down the middle.
It's like this.
Eat as much of your favorite ice cream as you can possibly stand.
Then, when you're a scoop away from hurling, back off.
Stay in the sun long enough to match toast.
But hit the shade once you start to look like a killer tomato.
Spend as much of your clothing budget as you can on trendy shoes.
But hold off on that up to minute pair that'll land you in Dorkville next week.
Personally, I think moderation is okay.
But only in moderation.
The point is to do more of what you want to do, less of what you don't want to do,
and then convince your parents to let you do it.
Is moderation overrated?
Well, I'll let you know.
I'm about to indulge in way too much of a good thing.
I'm going to watch 24 hours of total TV.
Okay, thanks to Mr. Fudstein.
Homework is about to be as easy as watching TV.
We've been assigned to study an ordinary object to figure out how to improve it.
I've chosen television.
Natch.
Mr. Fudstein says the only way to know your subject is to completely immerse yourself in it.
So in order to improve TV, I've decided to watch it for 24 hours straight.
Hey, anything in the name of science?
I know the ancient Greeks said all things in moderation,
but that's because they didn't have remote-controller cable guides.
Can you imagine life in pre-TVBC?
So, Dadopolis, what are we going to do tonight?
Well, Sportopolis, I thought we could study astronomy for a while
and then discuss philosophy until it's too dark to see.
Sounds great.
Or we could do some painting on this pottery.
Pass me a hunk of dried bread, please.
Sure, for God bless breath.
Why not? There's nothing else to do.
You said they were the good old days.
Personally, I'm glad to be on time for the 20th century.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
So have you figured out your school project yet?
Yep, and I'm all set to watch TV.
Are you sure you should keep putting this off?
Who's putting it off, Sam?
Watching TV is my project.
You're going to improve television?
I'm going to try.
If I figure after I watch 24 hours,
I'll have a pretty good idea of what needs improving.
Wow. You get to watch TV while I get to build a better vegetable.
So how's the search for the improved veggie going?
Well, I figured that if I cross-pollinate a pea plant and a corn plant,
I'll get square peas that don't roll around on your plate.
Cool. Pea squared.
It's a big advancement to mankind, you hear?
What's with the accent, Sam?
My dad's discovered country western music.
He's been playing it non-stop all week.
I can't get that down-home twang out of my head.
It would all sound like after 24 hours of total TV.
I guess you'll know in 24 hours.
So, does this mean you're not coming to the spring carnival tonight?
Sorry, Sam. Schoolwork comes first.
But don't you want to watch me win the pie-eating contest?
Sorry, Sam. I guess you'll just have to choke down cherry pie
until it comes out your nose without me this year.
Okay, I'm off. I smell pie as a weighting.
You better get along, little doggie,
because I'm headed for the big TV roundup.
So long, partner.
Okay, what should I watch?
The Wide World of Mud Wrestling?
Roadkill 9-1-1?
Or America's Funniest Home Shopping?
Hmm. Before I make any big decisions,
I better go stock up on supplies.
Okay, I say we go with the leafier tree.
Oh, but Marshall, don't you think a beautiful flowering tree
would be nicer?
Shannon, I thought we agreed, right,
that the bear spot in the backyard needs some shade,
and a flower tree looks great for four weeks,
and then I spend the rest of the season raking.
Don't worry about the yard work, Dad.
I'll be with the rake.
I'm not too bad for the baseball bat either.
Oh, Marshall, let's get the magnolia.
Okay, all right, the magnolia tree it is.
You'll learn to love it.
Yeah, who's gonna help with the dig?
Sorry, Dad, but I'm booked. Remember, my school project.
Oh, yeah, that's right, your TV thing.
Well, Ferguson, that leaves you.
Oh, Mom, Dad, tell me, remember my aching sacroiliac?
Yeah, well, this'll be the cure.
Happy digging.
Come on, Ferguson, let's get going.
Oh, Clarissa, try not to sit too close to the screen.
Don't worry, Mom,
and come join us when you need a break.
What break?
Oops, better gonna move on.
Don't wanna miss zero hour.
The future of television might just lie in my hands.
Okay, supplies are stocked.
I'm relaxed, yet alert, ready and raring to go.
Let the total TV marathon begin.
In five, four, three, two, one.
Well, I've been watching TV for four solid hours now.
Actually, four hours, 11 minutes, and 23 seconds,
according to my total TV time meter.
And I've loved every pixel of it.
Well, maybe not every pixel.
I've already seen 36 acts of violence,
seven commercials that make drinking look cool,
and more remarkable household cleaners
than I ever knew existed.
But the best thing I've seen all day
right outside my window during my 30-second eye strain break,
Ferguson sentenced to one afternoon of hard labor.
Looking good!
That makes up for all the times he's hugged the TV
and kept me from my favorite shows.
But you know, starting to wonder if I even had any favorite shows.
The shows look like commercials.
The commercials look like shows.
And if you want information, they give you infomercials.
On the other hand, live TV can be pretty cool.
It puts you right in the middle of the action
for the Olympics, elections, hey, it's instant history.
Like, I wonder what would have happened
if Paul Revere's ride had been televised live.
Let's take a look at how things might have been.
We're here live with local silversmith Paul Revere,
who just hung one lantern in the North Church bell tower.
Paul, what's your message tonight?
The British are coming, the British are coming.
You heard it here first. The British are coming.
Thanks, Paul. Anything else you'd like to say?
You're right. Oh, right. One if by land, two if by sea.
Okay, fellow countrymen. That's the news.
Oh, one more thing. Arm yourselves.
Looks like you've got your work cut out for you.
All right, I've got a world-famous midnight ride coming up.
And we'll be there with live, up-to-the-minute coverage
every step of the way. Good luck, Paul.
And thanks for the exclusive.
Oh, remember, Sundays are savings days
at Revere Silver Shop, 10% off.
For patriots, 30 days same as cash.
This is Clarissa Darling reporting from the Old North Church.
And now, back to you, George.
See what I mean? I know exactly how to improve TV.
Make it live, all the time.
Of course, what would we do when things got boring?
Hey, I'm busy, Mr. Greenjeans. Don't you knock?
Hey, you're trekking mud all over my floor.
You mean my floor? A couple of throw pillows.
I could turn this place into something.
What are you talking about, Ferg Face?
Oh, once you go completely insane from watching all this TV?
I expect there'll be a vacancy.
I've always fancied a two-room suite.
Take a hike, Fergenstein.
Okay, but I'll be back.
Your eyes already look a little glazed.
That's because they're looking at you.
Nothing you say, sis.
Just remember Molly McGillip.
Who? Never mind. Don't tell me.
Well, since you asked, Molly McGillip of Eugene, Oregon,
she holds the world record for continuous TV watching.
So what?
So she went completely nuts.
They had to drag her away from the television
when she claimed to be Pat St. Jack's wife
and can only communicate by singing Boba Lou.
Like, I might believe that.
Fine. Keep watching.
We'll have to put you in the basement,
feed you yogurt until the men in white coats
can't wait.
I'll see you there.
Now get out.
Great.
I've already missed 11 and a half seconds of total TV.
I wonder if Madame Curie had to deal with annoying little brothers.
No flavorful.
Something else to do there.
Okay.
We're now six hours deep into total TV.
So far, I've changed the channel 1,739 times.
And the only thing I know for sure
is that there's plenty of room for improvement.
Like, there should be a two-minute warning sign
before each commercial break
so you can get ready to make a sandwich.
And for each gratuitous babe and a bikini,
they should show Jason Priestley on a motorcycle.
I think I'm on my way to a scientific breakthrough.
Clarissa, calm down and join us.
We'll still light out.
That's a good idea.
I am getting a bit of cabin fever.
I'll be right back.
Clarissa, I'm glad you decided to join us.
That a sunshine doesn't have to get in the way
of scientific research, Mom.
You're gonna watch out here?
You expect me to just interrupt my project?
If I don't watch continuously, my research will be flawed.
Well, maybe the scientist could use a glass of lemonade?
Thanks, Mom.
What do you want, just dad?
Ah, thanks, Ferguson. You can leave it right there.
Oh, thanks.
Stay right where you are, sis.
And if there's anything I can get you, please don't hesitate to ask.
I want to make your last few moments of sanity
as comfortable as possible.
I have an idea. Why don't you chew on some tin foil?
Look what I just happened to have found.
You might want to take a look at this.
At age 47, I highlighted the good parts.
TV overload psychosis?
The major warning signs?
It's a well-documented phenomenon,
yet, lamentably, there's still no cure.
It's because they're still looking for the cure
for toxic fern breath syndrome.
Hey, look. It's the 24-hour weather channel.
Is it nature the best?
We're now approaching hour number 14 of total TV.
My biggest discovery so far?
It's not as much fun as I thought it would be.
There's no real give-and-take between you and the TV
except it's giving me a headache.
What's going on?
The channels are changing on their own. They're freaking out.
They're freaking me out.
The first irreversible sign of TV overload psychosis
is audio and visual hallucinations.
Specifically, delusions of involuntary channel changing.
This is easy to cure.
I'll just shut it off.
Second symptom.
Hearing the TV after you shut it off.
I can't believe this.
Ten hours left.
I must go on.
I can't go on.
I will go on.
Got to continue in the name of science.
Even if total TV drives me totally crazy.
Our Clarissa as Nick takes over our school.
How do species get endangered?
Well, it's usually because their environment changes.
They run out of food, clean water or a place to live.
Like the forest that used to be there before they built the mall.
It usually happens because people forget
that animals need a place to live too.
You wouldn't go over and mess up your next door neighbor's house.
So just like you respect your people neighbors,
respect your animal neighbors.
We're all in this together.
This Orange Appeal is brought to you by
the National Wildlife Federation and Nickelodeon.
You're now fully trained, Special Agent.
You have your assignment and your special equipment.
When you want a special water gun,
you want the Super Soaker multi-directional Soaker.
Like our regular Super Soakers,
the MDS delivers a grinchy spray.
But it also has an extra feature,
a nozzle that lets you cover your flanks.
The Super Soaker MDS.
Water gun's a whole new twist.
So available the Super Soaker Bow and Arrow.
So, all your education got you down?
Well, step into it.
Step into a Slim Jim.
Turn to the slice.
That baby juicy taste.
What is the meaning of this?
Step into a Slim Jim.
Muppet up with the Muppet Babies
every weekday at 4.30, 3.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Now back to Snick as Nick takes over our school.
Your children are...
This concludes the Late Late Late Late Show.
Come to sunrise.
Pray with them, pray with them, get them here.
What about the while ago?
What?
Return to base league.
Shoulder or thigh?
No, not that channel-changing thing again.
At least we're winding down.
I think it's time for an extra special total TV update.
Viewer discretion advised.
Late yesterday afternoon,
Mom and Dad planted their tree right on schedule.
Saturday at 6.30, 5.30 Central.
Will their little tree survive?
Stay tuned for the thrilling conclusion.
Mom's not a tree doctor,
but she's been playing one in the kitchen.
Her special health formula has a secret ingredient.
Guess what?
Meanwhile, on a network all his own,
Ferguson's developed a sudden interest in electronics.
He's also got blueprints of my room.
Why? Does he think he can take it over?
This is one spin-off series that gets two thumbs way down.
As for me, I'm showing all the classic symptoms of TV overload psychosis.
Bottom to something fast,
my signals may wind up permanently scrambled.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Hillary.
We wanted to be at the finish line.
Yes, so when do we start the countdown?
According to my total TV time meter,
let the countdown begin.
Five, four, three, two, one.
Yes! Congratulations!
So how do you feel, champ?
Like Molly McGillip after they hauled her off.
Molly who?
Guys, do I look funny to you?
You mean like those of the clown?
Yeah, funny ha ha or funny weird.
Funny I'm completely loony.
You're not loony. You've just been up all night.
It's hard to concentrate when the channels won't stop changing.
Yeah, that's weird.
You mean it's not just me?
Wait, watch what happens when I turn it off.
Where's all that TV noise coming from?
You mean you hear it too?
Hey, it's coming from the speaker.
The speaker? That's great!
Why? It's annoying.
But it means I'm not crazy.
It was just in my head, but now I see it was just across the hall.
What are you talking about, Clarissa?
Come on, I'll show you what I mean.
Bad James Bond moving to me.
Brograft's been trying to convince me my brains are scrambled by scrambling the TV.
The sickest part is I almost fell for it.
Nat, you are just in a weakened state from pulling in all nighter.
Fergbase is the one that's going to be in a weakened state when I get through with him.
So what are you going to do?
What any self-respecting sibling would do?
Strike back.
But don't forget your school projects.
Don't worry, it's all part of the big picture.
I'm going to improve television and the quality of my life in one stroke.
Here's my idea.
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Mom.
Why are you carrying that TV around? You're not still watching, are you?
No, the viewing's over, but I'm carrying around to, well, get a feel for it.
Clarissa, this TV thing, why didn't you come outside with your father and me for a little while, huh?
I'd like to, Mom, but I can't interrupt my regularly scheduled programming.
Okay, dear.
And now, here's Johnny.
Sis, please have some juice. You're looking very peeked.
It's not just for breakfast anymore.
Oh, and could you please pour a glass for my friend, Mr. TV, too?
Sure. It's nice to have friends when you're crazy.
So, shouldn't we call the mini-bin yet?
Call now. Only 299 for the first minute. 50 cents for each additional minute.
Really, sis?
Tell me more.
Please stand by. This is a test. This is only a test.
That's beautiful.
I'm so happy for you, sis.
If you act now while supplies last door,
receive this free commemorative Liberace plate with your order.
Yeah, right. A Liberace plate. That sounds great.
I'll take a dozen.
Enjoy the room.
Yes, and thanks for playing.
We have some lovely party guests for our runners-up.
That's very interesting, but hold that thought.
I've done it.
Ferguson W. Darryl is super genius.
Super idiots more like it.
Now that the bases are loaded,
I think it's time to knock Ferg Face out of the park.
What? Where are you?
Here!
Where?
On TV.
What is this?
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Sam. How's it going?
Hey, where's Clarissa?
Uh, nowhere. See ya.
Help, Sam! I'm trapped!
Clarissa?
What are you doing in there?
Oh, please, spare me. This is clearly a videotape.
But there's no tape in there.
What do you mean?
There's gotta be a tape in there.
And how do you think I can answer ya?
Hey, hey, that feels weird.
Ferguson, stop.
Hey, don't just sit there and do something.
My pixels are starting to go fuzzy.
My best friend, lost in TV land forever.
Help me. I'll never watch TV again
if you just get me out of here.
This is stupid. I'm turning it off.
Don't touch it, Dio. I may never come back.
Don't do it, Ferguson. How can you cancel your own sister?
Somebody do something!
I didn't do this. She's the one that watched too much TV.
You can't pin this on me. It's not my fault.
You drove her to this, Ferguson.
You can't prove anything.
The coast is clear. You did great.
It worked?
He's totally freaked. The TV snow was a great effect.
I guess all those years in the AV Squad finally paid off.
Yeah, and the attic is a great TV studio.
You should have seen Ferguson's face.
Yeah, the one time I wanted to see Furgwad's mug, I missed it.
Dad, TV is a powerful medium.
In the wrong hands, it could be extremely dangerous.
Forget it, Ferguson.
We're not going to take away Clarissa's TV privileges
just because she tricked you.
Oh, bless you.
I can't believe I'm allergic to Magnolia Blossoms.
I know. We should have gone with the elm tree.
Sam, peas on the cob is much better than square peas anyway.
And all it took was hard work, discipline, and a little crazy glue.
That's one small bite for man, one giant meal for mankind.
Say, Sport, how'd your project go?
Here, I'll show you.
Thanks, but...
No, thanks. I've had all the TV I can stomach for a while.
Oh, come on, Ferguson. Let's have a look, huh?
Besides, this isn't regular TV.
It's new and improved interactive Clarissa vision.
Welcome to Untv.
After an intensive analysis of the value of TV,
I decided it would be a lot more fun if we could interact with it.
How did you think of that, Clarissa?
Believe it or not, Ferguson provided the inspiration.
I just want you to know I didn't believe your child was praying for a minute.
Interacting with your TV is easier than you think.
Ready?
Okay, here's interactive TV exercise number one.
First, hold up your remote.
Good.
Next, aim it directly at the screen in front of you.
Now you got it.
And for the third and most important step,
locate the power button and click it off.
Bye.
TV or Untv?
That is the option.
Clarissa Explains It All was taped at Nickelodeon Studios,
Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
That's what we call the snake.
You do the same board.
You turn yourself around.
And that's what we call the snake.
You do the same board.
You turn yourself around.
And that's what we call the snake.
Miss Nordene, are you okay?
And that's how you do the snake.
We'll take care of Mrs. Nordene
while you stay tuned for Roundhouse.
Next.
As Nickelodeon takes over.
Our school!
Don't think about probably business and stuff like that.
Don't think about all the environment and the pollution.
You should ride your bike more often
because it doesn't really burn any rubber
or it doesn't really give any gas out.
When we take our cans to the supermarket
and give them and we get money,
we're gonna grow up and we can hopefully make a difference.
You can help sort them, stack them and make them disappear.
One player.
Two players.
Four.
Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
Cookie!
Puffs are weak.
Bad kitty.
Nya-nya-nya-nya-nya.
Yes, let Kellogg's match be part of your complete breakfast.
Super Soaker Man, the robot with Super Soaker Power.
Tonight, it's very, very Derby Day.
Four classic episodes guest starring horses.
A salute to the Kentucky Derby.
That's this week's very, very Nick at Night.
And it all starts tonight at 10-9 Central.
Join us if you can. Thank you.
The Nick Maniac Challenge presents Action Times 2.
Two hours of Nickelodeon's guts.
Two hours of wild and crazy kids.
Take the challenge this weekend on Nick.
Nick takes over your school as brought to you by
Post-Bruity and Cocoa Pebble Cereals
and Cheetos Paws, the cheese-flavored snack.
Obvious to Jeannie Beth, tonight this stage will be filled
with 50 of the most beautiful young women in America.
That's if them will go home feeling like complete losers.
Not only that, everything about this show is designed
to make sure all 50 of them are made to feel like pieces of meat.
That's great, Gary. After all, looks are everything.
Girls are losers. I must be a real bow-wow.
Hurry up and get to the swimsuit competition.
Why is the camera looking at me? I'm not thinking anything.
Ever feel self-conscious about your looks?
Yes.
About your string of hair?
Or that zit on your chin?
Yes.
Or your funny-looking ears?
Ever feel like everybody in the world is staring at you?
Yes, it sort of feels like that right now.
Every wish you can just crawl into a cave
and never be seen again?
Yeah.
Oh, but all the good caves are already taken.
Not anymore.
Now there's new hide-and-go-freak.
The portable cave from Shamecoe.
Whether it's a new crop as it's
or just a really bad haircut,
hide-and-go-freak is like your own little world
where you're free to sell
or just throw a tantrum all to yourself.
Just listen to these unhappy customers.
Go away.
What are you looking at, butthead?
Hide-and-go-freak even comes with a built-in feeding hole.
Honey, I know that you're upset,
but you've got to keep your strength up.
Yeah.
Order now and receive this hand-crafted bed pen.
Absolutely free.
Hide-and-go-freak.
Perfect for the whole family.
Sweetie, my mother's going to be here in five minutes.
Now where are you?
Get yours today.
You know, Mary, Joe, Bobby, Sue, Jeannie, Beth,
these ladies come here in a beautiful
southwest Claude County,
primarily for the pageant.
But there are plenty of other activities
to make their week exciting and fun.
That's right, dear.
All right.
The ladies sighting at the New Wave County Trim.
Then our ladies enjoyed a complimentary lunch
provided by, I can't believe it's Weasel.
After a plateful of nature hike
and shoes provided by the American Council
for sharp things made out of little competition.
I used to spend hundreds of dollars a year
on makeup and other beauty products,
not to mention countless hours in front of the mirror
trying to look my best for my precious family.
Then I made an amazing discovery
that nobody gets a flying fish what I look like.
Oh, no, honey, really, you look fine.
Come on.
Whatever.
The truth is, I'm a middle-aged housewife
with two kids and a husband who wouldn't notice
if I had hair growing out of my teeth
and a pig ax through my head.
That's why I use Oil of OK.
Oh, sure, other products cost more
and they do a better job,
but who's gonna notice anyway?
Hold it right there, honey.
Yes?
You look like you're headed to the kitchen.
Could you get me some stowed prunes, please?
Oil of OK.
The secret to average-looking skin.
What is it about Cindy Crawford
that makes her the hottest model of our time?
Cindy, it's gotta be the mole.
No, Mars.
It's gotta be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
What about the mole?
It's gotta be the mole.
It's not the mole, Mars.
Please, Cindy, Cindy, Cindy.
Please, help me.
It's the mole.
Mars.
It's not the mole.
All right.
There goes Cindy Crawford.
Cindy Crawford.
Now it's time for everyone to really
ogle the contestants
as they walk down the runway.
That not all the scenes
in Are You Afraid of the Dark are scary.
For example, in this scene,
just a boy listening to the radio.
Ow!
OK, skip that.
Well, right here,
just a girl with a flash light.
Wow!
Next, OK.
Not a bit scary here
with the glasses.
Wow!
All right, it's a little scary,
but if it wasn't,
you'd have no excuse
to hide under the furniture.
Watch Are You Afraid of the Dark
tonight at 9.38.30
only on SNCC.
Cabbage patch.
Crimp and curl ponies.
You and your pony.
Oh, if I'm such a pathetic geek,
how come you're hanging out with me?
Huck.
Question.
Oh, see, boys are so stupid.
It's true.
You could spend years
trying to teach a typical boyfriend
how to behave,
or you could just grow your own from scratch
from the people who brought you see monkeys comes
boyfriend in a bottle.
Sweet and sincere.
That's right.
Boyfriend in a bottle comes in
sweet and sincere
or, OK, dangerous.
Just pour the contents
into a jar
and store in a cool, dry place.
Just a few days,
your boyfriend larval
will start to develop.
I haven't had a shot yet.
And in no time at all,
you'll have a new boyfriend.
You'll be proud to call your own.
Wow.
Are you my new girlfriend?
Uh-huh.
I must be the luckiest boy
in the whole world.
And no more heartbreaks
because with boyfriend in a bottle,
you can train him to be
just like you want him to be.
Hey, look,
there's your darling friend sharing.
Because with boyfriend in a bottle,
you're always right.
Sweetheart, I was just wondering,
I'm sorry.
And the bad thing is,
when you get tired
of your new boyfriend,
you don't even have to bother
breaking up with him
because boyfriend in a bottle
is disposable.
Hey, you.
What do you say we head on up to the mall
and spit off the escalator?
Oh, OK.
But I just need to take care
of one little thing.
Your boyfriend,
you can always grow your own.
My best friend Helen and I
both got new perms yesterday.
But when we went out last night,
she got all the attention.
And to make matters worse,
I furnished she did hers at home.
Accidentally,
how?
With the new Electra Perm 2000.
Just insert Electra Perm 2000
into any standard 110-volt
wall socket
and in seconds,
you'll be the life of the party.
Hey, hey.
Great perm, Helen.
Not only did she look great,
but she taught us all a hot new dance.
Perm is just to die for.
Trust me,
she almost did.
No.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
Easy to use?
Sure.
Inexpensive, you bet.
Save?
Hey, what do you want for two bucks?
I love what you done with your hair, man.
The new Electra Perm 2000.
A shocking statement
for today's complacent hair.
Hold it right.
Get just completely irresponsible.
What in fam,
hell is going on here?
Now kids all over the country
are going to be putting
these things in wall sockets?
I don't think so.
Go back to the story
about the beauty pageant
and kids at home.
Don't ever put anything
in an outlet.
Check the beds.
There's a loony on the loose.
I'll never forget
when I was a contestant
years ago.
Whether you win or lose,
you make wonderful friendships
that will last a lifetime.
Let's go backstage.
Excuse me,
but what kind of ugly
color of a nail polish
and when skis are you
to be insultin' my evening gown?
Oh yeah,
but what kind of wrong
of a dry color
treated hair use
and skank look like
Shem and a swimsuit?
That's the scene
backstage at the pageant
where our two competitors
have launched into
the first round of
Girl Fight.
Let's join the action
as Cindy Windman
from Mrs. Zimmer's
Home Home
is making an offensive move.
You know,
I think maybe you should
consider taking that wrong
out of this decade
havin' behind
to a stable place.
Oh,
it's an intense
taunt from Cindy.
Let's see how her rival
Julie Briggs,
Spirited Cheerleader
and Homex Scholar
responds.
It's just shakin' in my shoes,
which I might add,
are so much better coordinated
with my dress than yours,
it's not even a music.
Ow!
It's a ripping return
from the plucky pom-pom girl.
We may see a physical
response from her rival
who has been training
nonstop
with a hair pulling expert.
That's it.
Looks like we got
a tie break situation.
Join us next week
when we pride these
two feisty females
apart for another round
of
Girl Fight.
And now we have a
special guest
performer
for tonight's show.
Presenting the newest
rock sensation
Eddie Van Halen
and he huds Roy Clark.
It's the world's first
and only
heavy metal bluegrass
banjo playing
Foxy.
Toby!
It's time to narrow
the contestants down
to just a few
so the rest of them
will have to stand up
here overdressed
and feeling really
rejected and depressed
while trying to
maintain a phony smile.
Then we'll parade
the rest of them
in front of the camera
so the people at home
can see their scores
at the bottom
of the screen.
That way everybody
can get a good laugh
at the expense
of the girl
We'll be right back
with more humiliation
right after these
phony commercials.
What makes Julia Roberts
one of the hottest
actresses of our time?
It's gotta be the lips
Julia, tell me please
please, it's gotta be the lips.
No, no, no, no, no,
it's gotta be the lips.
Shut the lips, Mars.
Hey, I got a
try new pest off.
Sure it works
on roaches, ants
and silverfish
but it also takes
care of the real pest
the ones that
bother you
outside your home.
Howdy, Krishna.
No problem.
Pest off can handle them.
Works on street mimes
and those guys
who try to wash
your windshield
without you asking them to.
Wow, isn't that incredible?
That's good.
Good, what do you mean good?
Isn't it the most
fantastic product you've
ever tried?
Don't you just want to
jump up and down
and shout it's praises?
Don't you just want to
have a year's hate?
Past in your life
don't get mad.
Get pest off.
Challenge presents
Action times two.
Two hours of Nickelodeon's
guts.
Two hours of wild and
crazy kids.
Take the challenge
this weekend on Nick.
Super Soaker Man,
the robot with
Super Soaker Power.
We saw it last night.
It flew like nothing
of this world.
It may have permanently
affected Cuthbert here.
The Super Soaker Wing
plane is a
water powered airplane
that can fly so high
you won't believe it.
The next time we see
a plane to take a picture
it takes to the air
the way no ordinary
toy airplane would dream of.
Bobby was so scared
he swallowed his kazoo.
The Super Soaker Wing
thing.
It flies
like nothing in this world.
And now back to
Roundhouse
as Nick takes over
our world.
The crime dog.
With a few tips
on how you can
keep your home crime free.
First of all
always make sure you lock
your doors and windows at night.
And always report anything
suspicious to the police
right away.
Hey dog
don't do that.
Shhh
Sorry guys.
It's my job to make
your job as tough as possible.
Oh Miss Sluff
dog you want a T bone?
Nice try fellas
I'm a vegetarian.
Oh come on doggy
click it.
I see your angle
you scratch behind
my ears I scratch
behind yours
nothing doing.
Hey Miss Sluff
how about some reg?
Get the house
take the money
take everything
take all you want
you can have it
it's all you want
I'm Bavar Bush
and reading is important
now there's a new way
to enjoy
some of your favorite
works of literature
with new
toilet paperback novels
soft on your skin
and beneficial to your mind
toilet paperback novels
educate and entertain
you at a time
when you're most relaxed
and open to new ideas
and furthermore
you won't have to
fuss with those clumsy
bookmarks anymore.
Enjoy favorites like
islands in the stream
and goodbye Mr. Chips
for the young readers
there's the little engine
that could
and Winnie the Pooh
and for some of those
irregular days
there's modern classics
like misery
my personal favorite
is a time-honored classic
Margaret Mitchell's
Gone with the Wind
Bavar wasn't going there
right now
I just finished
six chapters
in the afternoon
oh George
America
let's pick up a book
and wipe away illiteracy
and now married your body
Suthini back with you
an interview from the dressing room
so we can show a lot of
gratuitous scenes
of women running around
half-dressed
ow
you hit me
you were leering
I was watching
oh honey
this is watching
and this is leering
alright alright
I'm sorry
if I do it again
you can hit me
and now it's on to
our exciting challenge
competition
since our contestants
have very little talent
we'll just show
some clips of some
of the acts
that took place earlier
I will now demonstrate
the art of speed dialing
from a reclined position
local
and long distance
and from my
encore rotary
so now
you put the
tang
in the water
and then
you stir
he met this fellow
and they knew
that it was much more
than a hunch
that this group
must somehow
form a family
that's the way
they all became
the Brady Bunch
now soon we'll find out
who'll be the new
Miss American
Universal International
I look better than you
right after these
messages from Mad Max Factor
tired of spending
more money
on makeup
than you do on food
sick of wasting
countless hours
fritzing with your
hair and clothes
then stop
now there's a new
thing
from a future
post-apocalyptic world
comes a revolutionary
new approach to beauty
introducing the
ultimate beauty consultant
it's Mad Max Factor
I've been
dieting for two weeks
I wonder what the scale says
what are you trying to do Lardo
kill me
you know mate
I think you may need
to be recalibrated
no no really
she's light as a feather
is she on yet
tell her to get back on
yes with Mad Max Factor
you can be as beautiful
as you want
with no effort at all
we're not worthy
be the homecoming queen
get a date with Luke
with Mad Max Factor
all your dreams come true
mirror mirror
on the wall
who's the fairest of them all
queen gotta be the queen
Snow White is a bag
Mad Max Factor
he puts beauty back
in the eye of the beholder
what is it about Dolly Parton
that makes her stand out
as one of the most
noticeable talents of our time
it's gotta be the
nah he touching this
swimsuit competition
Miss Hawaii
ow what you hit me for
miss Hawaii
but she's not even on yet
she hasn't even come on
whoa
well that was a good call honey
you better hit me
a couple more times
stop
man
you can't live with him
and you can't do this sketch without him
and if I win the title
I will use the scholarship money
to work toward a career
working with abused
unborn crippled blind dolphins
with dyslexia
thank you
I wanna do that too
only more
and plus I love my country
well Mary Jo Bobby Sue Jeannie Beth
that concludes our competition
while it doesn't make
their final decision
we're gonna do a cheesy
pageant production number
now the moment
you've all been waiting for
of course I'll announce
the runner up first
and the runner up is
misinformed
that makes our winner
I want to thank the rest
of the contestants for being
you know kind of ugly
I have something to say
I can't accept this crown
oh
I entered this contest
to prove a point
it doesn't matter
what you look like on the outside
the only thing that matters
is who you are on the inside
and so I can't wear that crown
did I forget to mention
a thousand dollar grand prize
give me that
now what do you have to say
repeat the same song
and roll the credit
win over my life on it
don't do anything
keep sneaking with
Ren and Stemping
coming up next
plus it's time for
Wilder elementary
as Nick takes over
your school continues
All right
Этkeeper
From Touchstone Pictures, Martin Harvey
thought he planned the perfect sailing vacation.
But what he got was Captain Ron.
Are you kidding?
Now Martin's both, his wife.
Captain Ron, may I have the camera, please?
And his kids.
You want a beer, you get your own beer.
Are under Captain Ron's spell, and it's
driving Martin crazy.
Kurt Russell, Martin Short, Captain Ron.
Hang on, boss.
Rating PG-13.
This morning, we were regular fifth graders.
Now we're heroes.
It all started when we were separated from our class
on a field trip.
We were off goofing around when we realized we're late.
We're going to miss our bus.
We knew if we missed our bus, we'd be toast.
Once we saw our bus, we figured we were aces.
We were wrong.
How come we don't know anyone on this bus?
Because that's our bus.
What bus are you boys supposed to be on?
The one that's going to McDonald's.
Yeah.
Follow that bus.
Now we're famous, which is cool,
because famous people never do homework.
If you really want to get someone wet,
there's one sure way to go about it.
The Super Soaker 200.
The genuine Super Soaker 200.
Think of it as a waterfall you can ape.
We can miss Nickelodeon's film, took a lot of rolling,
a lot of smushing, a lot of pounding,
and a lot of thinking.
Nick takes over your school as brought to you by Post-Protein
Cocoa Pebble Cereals.
And Cheetos Baws, the cheese-flavored snack.
Hi, I'm Donnie from Wild and Crazy Kids,
and I'm here with Christine.
The winner of the Nick Takes Over Your School Sweepstakes.
So Christine, what would you like to do now?
I think it's time for some slime.
OK, let's do it.
Your principal.
Slime.
Great teacher.
The cafeteria lady.
Slime.
Your chick.
Wait a minute.
Where's your gym teacher, Mr. Peter?
Christine and Nickelodeon will never find me in here.
Slime.
Great.
What a beautiful day.
We're going to spend the whole weekend really
roughing it just like the animals.
Yes, sir.
It's back to nature for us, right, Ren?
Will you shut up?
I don't want to rough anything, so shut up.
Just shut up, all right?
Well, I'm hungry.
Don't tell me you didn't bring any food.
Here we go, Ren.
Dehydrated food pills.
What?
Just like the primitive man ate.
See?
There's pills for meat, cheese, vegetables, grain,
tacos, applesauce.
Now that is truly disgusting.
Peels for food.
I'll have the red meat pill.
I'll, Ren.
The red meat dinner pill is only for the ruggedest of people.
Since you want to make it easy, why don't you try a nice cream
spinach pill?
I'll show you who's rugged.
Give me that meat pill.
OK, Ren.
OK.
But first you have to add what?
Shut up.
I know what I'm doing.
Cowboys delight dinner.
I'm a cowboy.
No, sir, I don't like it.
Isn't this beautiful?
Huh?
Hey, you know what would be fun?
Let's go skinny dipping.
What?
Are you crazy?
Oh, come on, Ren.
You like it?
No.
It's all right, Ren.
It's nature.
Come on in, Ren.
The water's fine.
I don't know.
What if someone feeds me?
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Who's going to see you?
Hmm.
Well, that water does look pretty inviting.
OK, here I come.
No fair.
Huh?
Oh, no.
Oh, come on, Ren.
Come on.
Well, OK.
Well, hello there.
This feels great.
Come on, let's frolic.
Skinny dipping?
I just love skinny dipping.
Hey, fella, how you fellas doing?
Beautiful day, isn't it?
Boy, it sure is nice to find other guys who are comfortable
with their nakedity like me.
Say, you know who'd like this?
Ma!
Hey, ma!
I'm off to pick berries, Ren.
Yeah, yeah.
Will you light the fire while I'm gone?
What?
Do I have to do everything around here?
You know I'm lost without you.
How am I supposed to light this thing?
Rub two twigs together.
Twigs?
What are twigs?
That's no way to light a fire.
This is.
Yes, sir, these will get her going.
One roaring campfire coming up.
Hang on there, young feller.
I'll save you.
I just love skinny stomping.
After stomping your campfire, always douse the embers
and stir the ashes with a stick.
Aren't the stars beautiful, Ren?
Yeah, they are.
This rough-knit stuff is great, Steampy.
Why don't we sleep under the stars tonight?
OK, pal.
I'll never do that again.
Oh, I'm stuffed.
I don't know about you guys, but I'm going to lay me some eggs.
I hear you, man.
Man, did I sleep good?
How'd you sleep, Ren?
I slept all right.
This outdoor stuff sure makes you thirsty.
Cool, fresh, virgin spring water.
Sweet Lord, no!
You can't drink that water, Ren.
Beavers do their business in that water.
If you drink it, you could get beaver fever.
Beaver fever?
Weren't you mind telling me what I am supposed to drink, then?
Don't worry, Ren.
I always bring a supply of clean, pure, unpolluted water.
Thanks, Steampy.
You saved my...
Don't feel so good.
Look what you've done to me now.
You're fat, bloated, stupid, idiot.
I just love skinny slapping.
Thanks for over our school.
Do you know someone like Matt?
I'm not denying anything, because there's nothing to deny.
So just get off my case, would you?
Get to know 15, Nick's Continuing High School Saga,
every weekday on Nickelodeon.
Now, sort them, stack them, and make them disappear.
One player, two players, four, four.
Yoshi's Cookie on NES and Game Boy.
Cookie!
Wrong, brontosaurus breath.
I'm not just a dinosaur, I'm Rocky D.
Dinosaur extraordinaire.
Wow, you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things you find on the ground,
but these totally cool, new, soft, and chewy
Brox rox candies look like rocks, feel like rocks.
Hey, they don't taste like rocks, they're green.
Yup, five dynamite fruit flavor.
Excellent.
You can get your rocks from Brox, Brox rox.
Now, we're rocking with Brox rox.
We saw it last night.
It flew like nothing of this world.
It may have permanently affected Cuthbert here.
The Super Soaker Wing Thing is a water-powered airplane
that can fly so high, you won't believe it.
The next time we see one, we plan to take a picture.
It takes to the air the way an ordinary toy airplane
would dream of.
Bobby was so scared, he swallowed his kazoo.
The Super Soaker Wing Thing, it flies like nothing in this world.
Nick has taken over our school, and now back to running Stimpy.
Dirty, dirty, that's what I'm going to do with him.
Top scientists have discovered that feline hairballs
are an excellent source of non-terial for manufacturing
the space shuttle's heat shields.
They're a better source of material for clothing
than either cotton or warp fiber
than only are expected to be more.
They're wet.
They're vile.
They're stinky, but I love them.
Ren Stimpy!
Are you all right?
Please, Stimpy, do wharf a mighty pile of golden fleece
upon my grateful crown, as I can have those pectoral implants.
Good texture.
Up and lick your other arm.
Come on that line and start wharfing.
But, Ren, I need fuel to make hairballs, and I'm fresh out.
I guess you can lick off my hair.
Come on, come on.
Get it over with.
Oh, that makes my flesh growl.
You've rendered me hairless.
Now get to wharfing.
I guess you weren't hairy enough, Ren.
Uncle Ren got licked for nothing.
Yes, Uncle Ren.
Extend to Stimpy, your powerfully hairy arm.
Where are you going?
Your plate's still full.
That feels pretty.
Hey, buddy, you think you're ready to wharf some hairballs?
I think so.
And get to it, man!
Time is money!
Oh, Baba, come lend Stimpy a hand.
Yes, Uncle Ren.
Squeeze that monkey, Baba.
That's it, Stimpy.
Let her rip.
Why, there's nothing in here but a bunch of useless bones and organs.
Hmm.
This is serious.
Well, we'll have to do an exploratory.
An exploratory?
What's that?
Baba, well, what do you see?
Nothing.
It's dark.
Use your flashlight, stupid.
Well, that's better.
I think I found it.
It's his hairball gland.
I think it's broke.
Cat, without hairballs, he's only half a cat.
Stimpy, I...
got to make hairballs.
They're there, big fellow.
Just lay back and relax.
But, Ren, what about your pectoral implants?
Yeah!
Ah!
Do it with cat loses its hairball gland.
It's... it's... it's over.
It's over!
Yeah! It's over!
And it all starts tonight at 10-9 central.
Join us if you can. Thank you.
You're now fully trained, Super Soaker.
You have your assignment and your special equipment.
When you want a special water gun,
you want the Super Soaker, multi-directional Soaker.
Like our regular Super Soakers,
the MDS too is a great cheap spray.
But it also has an extra feature,
a nozzle that lets you cover your flanks.
The Super Soaker MDS.
These water guns a whole new twist.
Also available the Super Soaker bow and arrow.
Okay, okay, next question.
When peeling back the little bit jello pudding snack,
you...
Throw it away.
Lick it.
Okay, what one word best describes a jello pudding snack?
Tasty.
Sorry.
Squishy.
Squishy. Squishy.
Final question now.
To get the last bit of your jello pudding snack,
the proper utensil is...
Spoon.
Super Soaker.
Cool, creamy jello pudding snacks.
Okay, children, let's do that.
Forget that.
Red, violet, pucer, tar-true,
seiny, crazy, fun, bananas,
batty, daffy, bonkers, nutty, silly, rowdy.
Now's the time for bright hoops.
Wild, wacky, delirious,
brazen, brassy, 60's surf,
fly, downtown, uptown,
jungle, tropical, abstract, funky, rock and roll,
hip-hop, love and peace.
It's all there with bright hoops from Maui Toys.
A different hoop for all your friends.
All your personalities.
All your moods.
Nick Takes Over Your School is brought to you by
Post Brody and Coco Pebble Cereals.
And Cheetos Pause, the cheese-flavored snack.
And I'm Frank, and we're from Are You Afraid of the Dark.
Right now, we're getting ready for a special
Nick Takes Over Your School jam with Chris Cross.
Yeah!
And here they come.
It wasn't that great?
Yeah!
And stay tuned, Are You Afraid of the Dark is next
as Nick Takes Over.
Right here on Snick.
Park was called Playland.
And it was the best.
You could laugh and scream
and get scared to death on rides
and stuff up on junk food
and ditch your parents
all in one night.
And there was a spook house called
Laughing in the Dark.
Gone!
What's the matter?
I was just getting started.
This is a clown story. I hate clowns.
They're creepy. They give me nightmares.
Where's my thermos?
Oh, oh, I heard of that.
They call it bozophobia.
Guess we finally found something wrong with Miss Perfect.
Ooh!
Hey, I didn't say it.
Go ahead.
Do your worst.
Let's see if she can handle it.
Here, start for real this time.
Okay.
Submitted for the approval
of the Midnight Society,
I call this story
The Tale of Laughing in the Dark.
It was Friday night
and Playland was jammed.
With thousands of kids,
it had everything they wanted.
But for one kid,
it had just a little too much.
Man, that was cool.
Don't give me that. You own this girl.
Did not.
So why were you screaming?
Stop the ride.
Oh, please, stop the ride.
Because Kathy was scared.
Last night, you were going to barf.
You snitch.
Maybe I should barf right now.
On you.
You ever been in there?
No.
Let's go in.
What's the matter?
I'm not going in there.
They say it's really haunted.
Give me a break.
I heard the same thing.
Weird things happen in there.
Something to do with the clown.
Weegee, it's a kiddie ride.
I can see your torpy sister being chicken.
But you, come on.
I'm not a torpy chicken.
That's funny.
Smells a little foul to me.
Both of you are chicken.
Excuse me, lay.
Don't believe in old Zebo, eh?
Who are you?
I run this place, I do.
And he's in there, all right?
Just waitin'.
Pick the right door and you go free.
Pick the wrong door.
And there he'll be.
Care to give it a go?
Comin' in, Mr. Brave Young Man?
Uh, maybe another time.
Suit yourself.
I'll be here.
I'm always here.
You okay?
Fine, I'm fine.
Not thinking of all the nightmares you're gonna have tonight?
Ah, man, give her a break.
Keep going, Bet.
Yeah, what kind of strange stuff happened inside the ride?
Well, that's what the kids wanted to know.
Especially Weegee.
Most of this is pretty boring.
It's all pretty boring if you ask me.
We didn't ask you.
But then I found this.
KG Clown, Cotton Clamby.
The Laughing in the Dark Spookhouse isn't the original.
There was another one on the same spot back in the 1920s.
Yes, so?
So, in 1924, the circus came to town and set up near Playland.
I guess one of the clowns, some dude named Zebo,
was a real foul ball.
The clown known as Zebo,
stole the whole entire circus payroll of $4,000.
Wow.
He got caught, though, and they chased him into Playland.
He ran into the Spookhouse,
and he would have gotten away except for one thing.
The cigar.
Cigar?
Zebo smoked cigars.
The police figured he threw one away in the Spookhouse,
because the whole place caught fire with him inside.
A fire spread quickly,
and attempts to rescue Zebo were futile.
Tragically, the clown perished in the inferno.
Ew.
Spoken's bad for your health.
A couple years later, they built another Laughing in the Dark,
and made a spooky dummy of Zebo at the end to scare everyone.
Legend has it that...
Legend has it that the ghost of Zebo is still there.
Trapped.
For all time.
Exactly.
I bet I know why, too.
Why?
Because of all children inside.
And tickle them!
Tickle, tickle, tickle!
I'll bung you in the head.
Lighten up, will you, Josh?
Me? You guys are the Phoebes.
You only think there's a ghost clown
hanging around in some dumb old ride?
Kids have seen things in there.
They've heard things, too.
It's a Spookhouse laneball.
It's supposed to be spooky.
You gotta be some kind of doofus to think it's real.
Boo!
Yeah? If you're so brave, why didn't you go in?
In fact, I dare you to go in.
Alone.
Why should I?
Because I think you're just as chicken as we are.
You just don't want to admit it.
I'm gonna eat those words.
How are we gonna make sure he goes all the way inside?
You're not, Twerp.
Unless you want to come with me.
She's right.
You could just hang right inside the door and never go through.
Tell you what, Guttless?
Not only am I gonna go through this whole place alone,
but when I find the dummy clown,
I'm gonna steal his notes.
And you're gonna wear it to school for a week.
No way.
Hey, I thought you were so sure I couldn't do it.
What's the matter, Weegee?
You getting chicken again?
You get it.
I'll wear it.
Now I'm gonna show you guys how stupid it is
being scared of this place.
Tari, my lad.
I didn't mean to scare you.
I'm gonna give it a go, huh?
Yeah.
Yeah, why not?
Why not, indeed?
It's the most fun in the park
when you're laughing in the dark.
Get a grip, Josh.
Look at me. I'm Zeebo.
Zeebo, Zeebo.
Hand over the dough.
What do you think I am, some kind of clown?
We should let him go in there all alone.
No.
He's not a clown.
He deserves this.
I know it's you, old man.
You can't scare me.
Pick the right door and you'll go free.
Pick the wrong door.
And there he'll be.
Kiss this place goodbye.
I don't get that nose of dead meat.
It's only a dummy.
A dummy.
A fake dummy.
You're an idiot, Josh.
A plastic dummy can't hurt you.
Stop being such a wuss and just do it.
Thanks, guy.
You just made me a hero.
I'm the guy who beats Zeebo.
I hope you can still smell your stinky cigars
without your nose.
Keep score and see how you rank.
So Nick Maniac and Nick Maniac wannabes
take the Nick Maniac Challenge
this weekend starting at 2-1-10 growth.
Super Soaker Man, the robot with super-soaker power.
Wrong, Brontosaurus breath.
I'm not just a dinosaur. I'm Rocky D.
Dinosaur extraordinaire.
Wow, you eat rocks?
Well, certainly not those hard things
you find on the ground, but these.
Totally cool, new, soft and chewy rocks.
Candies. Look like rocks.
Hey, they don't taste like rocks. They're green.
Yup, five-dynamite fruit flavor.
Excellent.
You can get your rocks from Brock's. Brock's Rocks.
Now, we're Rockin' with Brock's Rocks.
Better stay here. It's a pretty rough ride.
Yeah, right.
My brother doesn't know what my Marry Flexor can do.
The spring-loaded fork handles the tough stuff.
No problem.
And the oversized tubing is made for rugged riding.
I have no idea what my Marry Flexor can do.
But he does now.
Hey, Flexor by Marry.
Nickelodeon's Fiske's Network, right, so that we're kids, right?
So that's where we're making this show, right?
What show?
This show.
What show, bitch?
I got a cramp.
I don't think so.
Oh, come on.
Give up, Kristen. You can't take it.
I'm fine.
You're fine.
Okay.
Josh is pretty cocky before, but after he stole Zebo's nose,
he was uncontrollable.
Weege, it's you.
The guys at school are going to think so, too.
Not funny.
Sorry.
After you get through wearing it,
I'm going to get it mounted, like a trophy.
Oh, please?
Then I'm going to get it engraved.
The kid who beat Zebo.
Cool or what?
Come on. You must have been a little scared in there.
No way. I'm telling you, it's all kid stuff.
With fake dummies and bogey sound effects.
Of course, it might have been scary for some people.
People that say,
Enough, all right? You're a hero and I'm a loser.
What can I say?
Now, now, let's not be bad sports.
Besides, you look much better with the nose on.
I'll get it for you.
Just not.
Come on.
Cigars.
I'll bet you forgot Dad and I have theater tickets tonight.
She's right.
Played it from Spaghetti.
I'm the freezer and chocolate pudding in the fridge.
Don't stay up too late playing video games.
See you a lot more.
Dad?
Is that you?
Somebody's in there.
You better show yourself.
Or you're going to get beaned.
Good thing Ouija can't see me now.
Oh, man, what is wrong with me?
Hello?
Hey, Josh, this is Ouija.
Yo, Ouija, what's up?
Listen, I, uh...
I was kind of being a baby this afternoon.
You won the bet and I shouldn't be mad at you.
I'm sorry.
That's okay.
I was giving you a hard time.
Tell you what, I'll only make you wear the nose to school for one day.
I was kind of hoping you'd forget it completely.
You dreamin', pal.
Tomorrow's Zebo Day for you.
Later.
One day's the best I'm gonna do.
No way, Ouija.
You're not scaring me.
It's a joke.
He's trying to get me.
I'll show.
I'm not scared.
You can't carry with kids stuff.
There's no such thing as Zebo the clown.
No way.
I'll just eat dinner and rub, Josh.
How can that burn so fast?
Cigar smoke.
Come on.
Ouija, this is Josh.
I'm...
Josh, slow down.
Tell me the truth.
Did you call my house before
and pretend you were Zebo?
Whoa, what's the matter, Josh?
You sound kind of scared.
I'm not.
Yeah, okay, okay.
I'm scared.
I was scared on the ride,
and I'm really scared now.
Was that you?
I'm keeping a break.
Why would I...?
What was that?
Was that you, Cassie?
Put down the phone.
Josh, we only have one phone.
It's gotta be in your house.
If you don't get me, what's that?
Just to show there's no hard feelings?
Cigars.
It's the most fun when you're laughing in the dark.
The end.
So it was a crazy old guy all along.
No way.
He could have done that stuff in the house.
Maybe the old guy was really Zebo's ghost.
Yeah.
So what do you think, Kristen?
Is Zebo gonna pay you a visit tonight?
Sorry, Kiki, I did it.
I sat through the whole story and I'm okay.
What do you say to that?
I'd say that's a good thing,
because we wouldn't want you having nightmares.
One win!
Being a jerk.
Thanks for watching. Nick takes over.
Us!
It's a great time.
Taking over the school.
Slimeing everyone and everything.
Dancing with Kris Kross.
And it all happened because I sent in a postcard.
So keep watching the place where only kids win.
New Audio! Yeah!
New Audio!